Why is that?
Everybody freeze.
Say who sent you
Don't say it, right?
There are a hundred ways to get me to talk
Shang Ning has been missing for five years
It is no longer worthy to be the owner of the Dragon Temple
Sooner or later, Lord Demon will make a comeback
Dominate the Middle East
This heartless is really haunting
What!
Was he assassinated?
Immediately place the general in service
What secondly, how do you protect the little junior sister?
Go to the general's mansion
How is senior brother?
Yes, the demon sect Yuji has been solved.
The general's mansion is heavily guarded
Then the Temple Master of the Demon Cult can send one here to beg
What do you mean?
In the court, someone pressed his fist
Hey, what's wrong, brother?
Hurry up and sit down
Junior Sister